Create dask-tutorial.md (#77)
NCAR/esds: posts/dask-tutorial.md

---
author: Julia Kent
date: 2021-07-08
tags: python-tutorial-series
---

# Dask Tutorial

> The NCAR/UCAR virtual Python Tutorial Seminar Series continues with a 2-part introduction to the Python package `dask` on **Wednesday, July 14th** and **June 23rd at 1 PM Mountain Daylight Time**. These sessions will be led by Anderson Banihirwe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NCAR/UCAR virtual Python Tutorial Seminar Series continues with a 2-part introduction to the Python package `dask` on **Wednesday, July 14th** and **August 11th at 1 PM Mountain Daylight Time**. These sessions will be led by Anderson Banihirwe.
```

The content for this tutorial is hosted on Anderson's [Xarray Tutorial Github Repository](https://github.com/andersy005/xarray-tutorial). This is the same repository as the previous Xarray tutorials.

## Preparation

If you did attend the Xarray tutorials (and have cloned this repository before:

- Stash their local changes with `git add .` and `git stash`

- Pull in upstream changes to the repository with `git pull`

- Update the conda environment with `conda env update -f binder/environment.yml`

If you did not attend the Xarray tutorials:

- Check your conda install if this is the first tutorial in the series you are joining us for with `conda --version` and if necessary [install by following these instructions](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html).

- Navigate to Anderson's [Xarray Tutorial Github Repository](https://github.com/andersy005/xarray-tutorial).

> - Clone this repository by clicking the green "Code" button and copying the SSH address under the word "Clone". This can be done by clicking the clipboard icon.
> 
> - In your terminal, type `git clone PASTE` where you paste the SSH address you just copied (`git clone git@github.com:andersy005/xarray-tutorial.git`)

Reviewer: Use the HTTPs address to simplify the instructions?

```suggestion
- Clone this repository by running `git clone https://github.com/andersy005/xarray-tutorial`
```
